ADD: instructions how to handle issues with toolbox (#4)
AGH-CEAI/robotics_containers: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- [PR-1](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_docker/pull/1) - Initial version of the Aegis development container.

> - [PR-4](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_docker/pull/4) - Added instructions how to handle sudo issues in toolbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PR-4](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_docker/pull/4) - Added integration with Gazebo and instructions how to handle `sudo` issues in toolbx.
- [PR-1](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/aegis_docker/pull/1) - Initial version of the Aegis development container.
```
